docs: :memo: add description to README (#127)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: README.qmd

{{< include /docs/includes/_badges.qmd >}}

Flower is a Python package and command-line interface (CLI) that
generates human-friendly documentation from your machine-readable
[Data Package](https://datapackage.org) metadata (kept within
`datapackage.json`). Flower does two things:

- Display the metadata in a nicer way on the Terminal with the `view`
  command.
- Generate documentation files using built-in or custom styles with the
  `build` command.

For building documentation, Flower reads the metadata and outputs it
into a nicer, more human-centric format. You can choose the output style
and structure by using either one of the built-in styles or define a
custom style yourself. By default, Flower outputs
[Quarto](https://quarto.org/)-based Markdown files that you can use to
create a website, a PDF, or any other format you want by using

> [Quarto](https://quarto.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Quarto](https://quarto.org/)-based Markdown files that you can use to
create a website, a PDF, or any other format supported by 
[Quarto](https://quarto.org/).
```

{{< include /docs/includes/_badges.qmd >}}

> Create human-friendly documentation from your machine-readable Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flower is a Python package and command-line interface (CLI) that generates human-friendly documentation from your machine-readable Data 
```
So it's more aligned with the website landing page.

> Package metadata (kept within `datapackage.json`). Flower does two

Reviewer: Add hyperlink the to Data Package standard?
